Add clarifications to AWS GameLift Gem setup and use (#2340)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-gamelift/session-management/cpp-api.md

### `OnCreateSessionBegin`

> When the session begins to create on the server, the `Multiplayer::SessionNotificationBus::Events::OnCreateSessionBegin()` notification is broadcast on the server side. GameLift launches servers with a default runtime configuration.  When a game session ends, GameLift resets the server to the default runtime configuration. Set game session-specific properties and load the appropriate level on the server side during this step. 

Reviewer: This is more like:

```suggestion
When the session begins to create on the server, the `Multiplayer::SessionNotificationBus::Events::OnCreateSessionBegin()` notification is broadcast on the server side. When GameLift requests a game session it will supply the releveant runtime configuration, which includes key game session information, such as maximum players. It can also include game data and player data.  Set game session-specific properties and load the appropriate level on the server side during this step. 
```
